[DOC] update doc regarding FAST model as default (#985)
cpp-lln-lab/bidspm: docs/source/bids_stats_model.md

### Software

(bids stats model SerialCorrelation)=

<!-- markdown-link-check-disable -->
By default, bidspm will use SPM's FAST model for the [`SerialCorrelation` model](serial_correlation_model).
<!-- markdown-link-check-enable -->
It will also use a value of 0.8 for the `InclusiveMaskingThreshold`
to define the implicit inclusive mask

> that usd by SPM to determine in which voxels the GLM will be estimated

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that is used by SPM to determine in which voxels the GLM will be estimated
```
